so hypothetical situation you're walking
down the beautiful stormy beach and you
see a dragon fighting a giant rock
hurling monster if you're a decision on
which one you're going to help in the
fight rely solely on who you think drops
better loot then you my friend are a
Dragon Age Inquisition addict and
believe me when I say with a drug like
this that's not a bad thing I've been
putting off reviewing Dragon Age
Inquisition for months and that's simply
because how do you review an awesome
massive game like this I mean you can't
even begin to review this in five
minutes in ten minutes
maybe in like an hour but who's gonna
sit around and watch an hour review and
would that even be a review I mean an
hour talking about a game and all its
components it's like some kind of
in-depth dissertation of the game put
Dragon Age Inquisition in a simple
easy-to-understand context this is a
massive fun and addictive game it's an
open-world RPG set in the semi
traditional medieval type fantasy
environment it has good graphics solid
music to accompany your gameplay and
memorable environments all the
foundations for a classic RPG that will
be played for decades to come
are right there now the main antagonists
in this game is these demons that are
coming out of rifts that are opening up
all over the world kind of like another
game what was the name of that game
alright
rift now you as the protagonist you have
this special power no one else in the
world has you have this thing imbued on
your arm which actually allows you to
shut down these ribs and that's the main
point of the game to run around the
world shutting these rifts after killing
a few demons around it I mean while the
demons coming out of these rifts is the
main focus of the actual plots it's a
very minor part of what you'll be doing
just because there's so many other
awesome things to do it is an open-world
RPG so a lot of the quests you perform
are
fetch quests collect ten of these kill
five of these search an area for this
and because of how much stuff and
content is in the game a lot of times
all of this stuff makes your mount
almost useless I mean I feel like every
other step you take you trip over a
quest do you mount your horse
you literally ride for about 15 seconds
there's a new guy to talk to you to
start a quest there are some things you
have to kill to complete a quest there's
a new landmark you have to discover
there's a new camp you have to set up
when progressing the story or picking up
a quest you have these dialogue options
which in a small way makes you carve
your own path
most of these dialogue options are not
world breaking but a lot of times if I
made the right choice in the
conversation I was rewarded with
something like an item or a new agent to
join my Inquisition you progress the
story by gaining influence and getting
people to join your cause which is
basically called the Inquisition see
because you have this special rift
closing ability you're like the chosen
one in this world and basically you're
in charge of the Inquisition more or
less now in this game's action RPG style
combat you have four playable characters
who you can switch up between and by
that I mean if you're tired of playing
as your main character mine for example
is an archer rogue I can just switch to
the mage in my party or old or the
warrior in my party so I never really
get bored of the gameplay not that I
would ever want to because I really like
playing as the archer it's always been
my thing to either play as an archer or
a rogue in RPGs and MMORPGs it's just
smart tactics to be in a position where
you can hit the enemies and they can't
hit you and as you'd expect the actual
combat of the game is just as rich as
every other facet of the game there's so
many different abilities you're
constantly customizing your characters
with different ability builds different
armors you constantly switching up
characters but I do recommend you always
have at least one
in your party for one simple reason may
just create barriers that protect other
characters from damage and when fighting
a hard enemy or a large group of enemies
basically anytime you're in a sticky
situation where you know there's a good
chance you can get hit and you can get a
hit hard a barrier is pretty much
essential you can micromanage every
facet in this game if you want to but
you don't have to for example you can go
into this top-down tactical view and
give commands you can order your party
around in the l1 menu the same place
where you call your horse or drink your
potions and you can also pretty much
make presets of how your characters will
behave before combat even starts in the
options menu combine all this with the
fact that you can switch to any
character during combat you can be as
tactical as Sun Tzu Patton and Custer
all rolled into one I think the only
truly negative thing I can say about
Inquisition is the amount of glitches in
the game like sometimes you fall into a
negative zone sometimes you'll see
characters like walking on air they're
not huge glitches they're minor they're
not really game breaking but there is a
good deal of them I have a pretty busy
schedule and for me to continue playing
a game after I've already reviewed it
that takes a pretty special game and I
can tell you without a doubt I will keep
playing Dragon Age Inquisition for weeks
or maybe even months to come this is not
only the best Dragon Age game to date it
is also one of the best RPGs of all time
it gets an official stand Birdman rating
of a nine points three out of ten thanks
for watching goodbye my friends